[SIEMINT-72] DDS: Suricata Integration (#17889)
DataDog/integrations-core: suricata/README.md

## Overview

[Suricata][4] is a high performance, open source network analysis and threat detection software used by most private and public organizations, and embedded by major vendors to protect their assets.

> This integration provides enrichment and visualization for Alert, Anomaly, HTTP, DNS, FTP, FTP_DATA, TLS, TFTP, SMB, SSH, Flow, RDP, DHCP and ARP log types. It helps to visualize detailed insights into Alerts, Anomaly, network connections, DNS and DHCP activity, detailed network protocol analysis through the out-of-the-box dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This integration provides enrichment and visualization for Alert, Anomaly, HTTP, DNS, FTP, FTP_DATA, TLS, TFTP, SMB, SSH, Flow, RDP, DHCP, and ARP log types. It helps to visualize detailed insights into Alerts, Anomaly, network connections, DNS, and DHCP activity, as well as detailed network protocol analysis in the integration's out-of-the-box dashboards.
```

Author: Done

## Setup

### Installation

> To install the Suricata integration, run the following Agent installation command and the steps below. For more information, see the [Integration Management][5] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the Suricata integration, run the following Agent installation command and follow the steps below. For more information, see the [Integration Management][5] documentation.
```

Author: Done

> **Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent version >= 7.54.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This step is not necessary for Agent versions >= 7.54.0.
```

Author: Done

> Linux command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Linux, run:

```

Author: Done

  ```shell
  sudo -u dd-agent -- datadog-agent integration install datadog-suricata==1.0.0
  ```

### Configuration

#### Log collection

1. Collecting logs is disabled by default in the Datadog Agent. Enable it in the `datadog.yaml` file:

   ```yaml
   logs_enabled: true
   ```

2. Add this configuration block to your `suricata.d/conf.yaml` file to start collecting your Suricata logs.

   See the [sample suricata.d/conf.yaml][6] for available configuration options.

   ```yaml
   logs:
     - type: file
       path: /var/log/suricata/eve.json
       service: suricata
       source: suricata
   ```

>    **NOTE**: Make sure you have `eve-log` output logging enabled in the `suricata.yaml` file of suricata product and ensure to address the below points.
>    1. In `suricata.yaml`, Keep `filetype` parameter as `regular` in `eve-log` configurations.
>    2. The default path of suricata's output would be `/var/log/suricata` and `filename` would be `eve.json`. If you have changed the default path and filename then update the `path` parameter in `conf.yaml` accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**: Make sure you have `eve-log` output logging enabled in the `suricata.yaml` file of the Suricata application, and that you've address the following points:
   1. In the `suricata.yaml` file, keep `filetype` parameter as `regular` in `eve-log` configurations.
   2. The default path of Suricata's output files is `/var/log/suricata`, and the default filename is `eve.json`. If you have changed the default path and filename, update the `path` parameter in your `conf.yaml` file accordingly.
```

Author: Done
